hey what's up guys it's gage from energy
here with Desmond Johnson who got first
place at the end of day one after Swiss
being the only x1 in the game right now
so Desmond what are you playing today
buddy I'm playing and how did it run for
you today the deck was very afraid we
were I think we're very skilled mirror
give you the measure this probably is
like you're gonna lose Game one but
you're gonna blow out how many in that
cross mirror matches into place out the
day and what other matches do you happen
to play you could play like clips and
burning a vest to some clippers in
off Game one to one and beat him game to
a three in the game I won Game one on
difference you got lucky the right way
game one of the hard thing to do against
Clifford you do all muscles and I made
the lock picking up playing you see I'm
playing it's the mirror
alright so you want to show us your back
here yes sir
first we had one dazeem not signing the
side that you know people started out
tonight people trust me I don't do that
crap I don't disagree with them like a
good I got to shreds
it's probably a plane three years
probably two of them guys
you ran a warrior's really quickly three
since you kind of staple maybe too many
home summons
I'm confident cutting one of them three
Manju's mandatory one class across
oldest people probably - I don't like
her I don't like one Trish three belts
this is the best car in the day I don't
know why people like blessing Green Egg
is not the best I don't know Sabrina
what makes you hate Breanna I mean he
just
if only why doesn't do anything like I
never saw many some everyone else I've
never something real
three preparation rights to rotor tune
forbidden lamps Lance is really good
will you make the locker you just they
don't have locked because he had Lance
appreciate a ride it's cause the nuts in
the mirror it's possibly confronting
abyss did it work good all day and like
the main extra yeah definitely put your
book of Eclipse and one book moon play I
can win - kaleidoscope - mirror - cycle
I want to cut a mirror and make it three
cycles cycles though you like cycle a
lot yeah cycles a good one like if I did
I would probably play three straight now
what makes you not like mirror as much
as the other two
cuz I want to be able to I put my things
in the grave you they just bring them
back from the grave like coming back
from the grave means I'm getting a plus
one or it's Italy's breaking even though
from my hair rich or something from the
hand isn't good
it's not the main-deck 40 cards
all right so I played to Douglas or
emerald I thought though makes today was
actually kind of hoping I really hated
uh the level of living
I didn't play gun deer so I don't play
on 11 synchro or fusion if you ever go
into both of them or just did you have
them they came up like putting the
marshals back in the next day and the
day comes up a lot
one castel one steals warm roads as far
as the nets against clippers I think you
can't do anything against you just put a
pendant something you stop it any go it
they go to the grades they don't go back
to the X today this car is really good
for time what's called Heartland draco
next time I'm a I have so many x time
little bit cooks plays where I like just
blow up the whole field steals right or
something so like it comes up a lot
dwell or does not come up cowboy comes
up utopia they were ruling it here that
all if you attack and they go bow and
utopia the monster that attacked you can
still attack with rows of your monsters
so we are sad to try this for the manual
one lavalval chain' damn and iron just
like you can use them right for us
112 110 and two fours no six you never
something real by so did you ever wish
you had another level in the extra deck
to use with them kaleidoscope enough
maybe to 12
like summit if I didn't have dr.
Douglass or emerald to put swell back
every time I couldn't do collateral play
for a eunuch or twice I could never do
it 1-1 so maybe that needs to change
something's changed it I cut a lot of
ring ring boys are you
so sad Nick I played three Lancia cars
trash I never did you tied it up yeah I
kept starting to put a mirror like if
you decided it's okay to leave things on
the field if you draw it go out to his
car and they can you stop Trisha what
are you stopping things like using
necross mirror invention from the grave
it's not bad it just it was crap every
time I had one fire hand to ice him the
restaurants not make some Authority outs
like clippers and just blood stuff and
did you ever think of like when you
sided them did you ever think you would
need to - or just the one even if I drew
fire hand in ice hand I was just summon
ice hand to like get rid of something
that's all I really wanted to do I don't
care
I believe more fun in there I wish I had
was just came by so I would be tempted
to like some if I had super excited one
twister
our wives it was an interface that's
actually three M of T's
200 degrees 3 my crush this heart was
the best side they can't believe it I
really love this to have it started from
there
so you would say your deck performed
pretty well today crack yeah the big
change is out of it what would you make
like the most notable change out of your
ball back
I definitely cut laughs I think maybe
make my dick more cut up north couple of
the normal summer sins you know just
remaining normal Sun every loses more
less car all right well congratulations
on your first place and Swiss and I hope
to see your day too